feat: `add array/base/linspace2d` (#5464)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/linspace2d/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( start, stop, shape, colexicographic )
    Generates a linearly spaced two-dimensional nested numeric array.

    The output array is guaranteed to include the `start` and `stop` values.

    Parameters
    ----------
    start: number
        First array value.

    stop: number
        Last array value.

    shape: Array<integer>
        Array shape.

    colexicographic: boolean

>         specifies whether the array values should be in colexicographic order

Author: ```suggestion
        Specifies whether the array values should be in colexicographic order
```

>         Specifies whether the array values should be in colexicographic order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Specifies whether generated array values should be stored in colexicographic order.
```

Applies here and elsewhere.
